Project: Amazing Numbers

About:
We use numbers every day. But do you know how many different properties they have? Let's take a look at some of the amazing properties of numbers. After completing this project, you will write a program that knows how to determine whether a number is Palindromic or Gapful, or how to distinguish Spy numbers from others. Numbers can be fascinating!

This program can:
1.	Welcome users;
2.	Display the instructions;
3.	Ask for a request;
4.	If a user enters an empty request, print the instructions;
5.	If the user enters zero, terminate the program;
6.	If numbers are not natural, print the error message;
7.	If an incorrect property is specified, print the error message and the list of available properties;
8.	For one number, print the properties of the number;
9.	For two numbers, print the properties of all numbers in the list;
10.	For two numbers and two properties, print the list of numbers that contain the specified properties;
11.	If a property is preceded by a minus, this property should not be present in a number;
12.	If the user specifies mutually exclusive properties, abort the request and warn the user.
13.	Once the request is processed, continue execution from step 3.

Examples:
The greater-than symbol followed by a space (> ) represents the user input. Note that it's not part of the input.

Example 1:
Welcome to Amazing Numbers!
Supported requests:
- enter a natural number to know its properties;
- enter two natural numbers to obtain the properties of the list:
  * the first parameter represents a starting number;
  * the second parameter shows how many consecutive numbers are to be processed;
- two natural numbers and properties to search for;
- a property preceded by minus must not be present in numbers;
- separate the parameters with one space;
- enter 0 to exit.
Enter a request: 1 5 -sunny -square

               2 is even, palindromic, spy, jumping, sad
               5 is odd, palindromic, spy, jumping, sad
               6 is even, palindromic, spy, jumping, sad
               7 is odd, buzz, palindromic, spy, jumping, happy
              10 is even, duck, jumping, happy

Enter a request: 1 10

               1 is odd, palindromic, spy, square, jumping, happy
               2 is even, palindromic, spy, jumping, sad
               3 is odd, palindromic, spy, sunny, jumping, sad
               4 is even, palindromic, spy, square, jumping, sad
               5 is odd, palindromic, spy, jumping, sad
               6 is even, palindromic, spy, jumping, sad
               7 is odd, buzz, palindromic, spy, jumping, happy
               8 is even, palindromic, spy, sunny, jumping, sad
               9 is odd, palindromic, spy, square, jumping, sad
              10 is even, duck, jumping, happy






